I want to thank you for the first time.
presence of the program games okay
jo
It's okay if this participation that brings
much good to have much return you are
from where joão sousa of his serra work
anne that cool kiss me one
report of the region
see also I know you have relatives
who are my countrymen and this is a
Cool problem, a kiss for everyone.
Your Ad Here
thanks and thanks without the line has frog
This is what you want, giraffe.
time and the dolls ailson francisco
beautiful helder are francisco de assis
also cool
Good good, starting today, class is
watch is it for riding
this for a look that grace people
You can have a piece like that alone.
follow all the guidelines of sogi
I'm sure it will be the first of
many participations thank you first
guidance game let's go there is rough way is
which already confiscated in the made touch reads here
Are you separated?
All right, I passed by with a pen.
Are you being a better visualization, huh?
now that I have cut from the beginning of
all right
here we put the ear
superimposed on the fourth four times the felt
What are you going to do at the point you need to start?
here we go, that 's what I have or the
pefron all ok fine
up and down is a simple point that all
world is already home, is it okay?
the forgiveness
Let's go there for the first time.
colin neither a player nor a good
done that you will fill the whole
leaving space here in front
is putting the filler here you
filled closed everything well
all parts even step by step
here the legs of the same thing did the
dot starts at the top places
her casino leaves a little space filled
on here
O good here either full rock
done all this you will put the
Little snow eyes are preaching here that is the
enter and put site and get it ok just do not
fell stress camera that are here O
All set up, we'll move on to
mount on the clock well some doubt is
saci and we'll get the parts of the
our kitty and that you can choose
the point of your preference, place a
element in the head and celinha if this
little fingers
here the chain legs already with ap
Ok let 's get some cola here.
the one that you put in
some, I'll tell you later , after
you fill and close you cut not
had school used hot glue glue
hot but may be able to put in
same point as the temp can for
Assembly
now centralizes the problem the staff
social networks are already asking for a
Armadillo mold me is how I like to
to feel motivated if you force us
then by e-mail game please step to
let it out as soon as we get
a mold of the crafts agent
making our portal available
For you who are at home and asking
wanting to make our kitty watch
it here or you are already centralizing
always nuno 70 in the 5 here looks lonely
I'm sitting on the other side here.
on here
roma the bow come pull the decoration
the next ball block then the base of the
our clock from our machine is already
I'm going to make an early break soon, and
in the next game we will leave still
even more cute mimosa stays with the
people are not as dizzy moment